documentation related update (#82)
fortinet/fortigate-autoscale-aws: docs/deployment_templates.md

# CloudFormation deployment templates

There are three deployment templates provided as entry template. They are located the /templates directory. They are used in three different deployment scenarios.

## Deploy Autoscale into a new VPC

### Scenario

> The deployment template creates a new VPC and will deploy the Autoscale and related components into this new VPC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deployment template creates a new VPC and deploys the Autoscale and related components into this new VPC.
```

### Template

[/templates/autoscale-new-vpc.template.yaml](/templates/autoscale-new-vpc.template.yaml)

### Table of template parameters

The parameters are listed in alphabetical order in the table below, but the display order differs on AWS CloudFormation deployment console during template deployment.

_Name_: The name of the parameter defined and used in the template file.

_Label_: The label for the parameter displayed on AWS CloudFormation deployment console during template deployment.

_Default_: The default value for this parameter.

_Description_: Description of the parameter.

Required parameters will have a bold font on their label column in the table below.

| Name | Label | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | AutoscaleNotificationSubscriberEmail | Autoscale notifications subscriber email | | The email address (AWS SNS Topic subscriber) to receive Autoscale notifications. If provided, the template can only accept one email address. An email will be sent to the address to confirm the subscription. |

Author: Hi @ilee-fortinet , ***AWS SNS Topic*** is a service and treated as a name. Can you please update your suggestion?

> | AutoscaleNotificationSubscriberEmail | Autoscale notifications subscriber email | | The email address (AWS SNS Topic subscriber) to receive Autoscale notifications. If provided, the template can only accept one email address. An email will be sent to the address to confirm the subscription. |

Reviewer: Updated

| VpcCidr | **VPC CIDR** | |  Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) block for the FortiGate Autoscale VPC. |

## Deploy Autoscale into an existing VPC

### Scenario

The deployment template requires an existing VPC to deploy the Autoscale and related components into the existing VPC.

### Template

[/templates/autoscale-existing-vpc.template.yaml](/templates/autoscale-existing-vpc.template.yaml)

### Table of template parameters

The parameters are listed in alphabetical order in the table below, but the display order differs on AWS CloudFormation deployment console during template deployment.

_Name_: The name of the parameter defined and used in the template file.

_Label_: The label for the parameter displayed on AWS CloudFormation deployment console during template deployment.

_Default_: The default value for this parameter.

_Description_: Description of the parameter.

Required parameters will have a bold font on their label column in the table below.

| Name | Label | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | AutoscaleNotificationSubscriberEmail | Autoscale notifications subscriber email | | The email address (AWS SNS Topic subscriber) to receive Autoscale notifications. If provided, the template can only accept one email address. An email will be sent to the address to confirm the subscription. |

Author: Hi @ilee-fortinet , AWS SNS Topic is a service and treated as a name. Can you please update your suggestion?

> | AutoscaleNotificationSubscriberEmail | Autoscale notifications subscriber email | | The email address (AWS SNS Topic subscriber) to receive Autoscale notifications. If provided, the template can only accept one email address. An email will be sent to the address to confirm the subscription. |

Reviewer: Updated

| S3KeyPrefix | **S3 resource folder** | |  Name of the S3 folder that stores the FortiGate Autoscale deployment resources. Can only contain numbers, lowercase letters, uppercase letters, hyphens (-), period (.), and forward slashes (/). If provided, it must end with a forward slash (/). |
| SyncRecoveryCount | Autoscale sync recovery count | 3 | Number of consecutive on-time heartbeats required for a VM to become healthy again. This parameter is only used when **Terminate unhealthy VM** is set to **no** and allows for the VM to recover from an unhealthy state. |
| TerminateUnhealthyVm | Terminate unhealthy VM | no | Terminate any VM that is deemed unhealthy by the Autoscale. |
| UseCustomAssetLocation | Use custom asset location | no | Set to yes to use a custom S3 location for custom assets such as licenses and customized configsets. |
| VpcCidr | **VPC CIDR** | |  Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) block for the FortiGate Autoscale VPC. |

> | VpcEndpointId | **Private VPC Endpoint ID** | |  ID of the Private VPC Endpoint associated with the existing VPC. The Private VPC Endpoint must has enabled the **Private DNS names**. |

Author: Hi @ilee-fortinet , ***Private VPC Endpoint*** is treated as a name. Can you please update your suggestion?

> | VpcEndpointId | **Private VPC Endpoint ID** | |  ID of the Private VPC Endpoint associated with the existing VPC. The Private VPC Endpoint must has enabled the **Private DNS names**. |

Reviewer: Updated

## Deploy Autoscale into a new VPC with Transit Gateway Integration

### Scenario

The deployment template creates a new VPC and will deploy the Autoscale with Transit Gateway integration and related components with into this new VPC.

### Template

[/templates/autoscale-tgw-new-vpc.template.yaml](/templates/autoscale-tgw-new-vpc.template.yaml)

### Table of template parameters

The parameters are listed in alphabetical order in the table below, but the display order differs on AWS CloudFormation deployment console during template deployment.

_Name_: The name of the parameter defined and used in the template file.

_Label_: The label for the parameter displayed on AWS CloudFormation deployment console during template deployment.

_Default_: The default value for this parameter.

_Description_: Description of the parameter.

Required parameters will have a bold font on their label column in the table below.

| Name | Label | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | AutoscaleNotificationSubscriberEmail | Autoscale notifications subscriber email | | The email address (AWS SNS Topic subscriber) to receive Autoscale notifications. If provided, the template can only accept one email address. An email will be sent to the address to confirm the subscription. |

Author: Hi @ilee-fortinet , ***AWS SNS Topic*** is treated as a name. Can you please update your suggestion?

> | AutoscaleNotificationSubscriberEmail | Autoscale notifications subscriber email | | The email address (AWS SNS Topic subscriber) to receive Autoscale notifications. If provided, the template can only accept one email address. An email will be sent to the address to confirm the subscription. |

Reviewer: Updated
